Fovus Corporation
Software Development Engineer
Posted 1 month ago. Apply by June 14, 2026 at 11:59 AM

At a glance
$50-100K/yr
Hybrid or onsite, based in Chandler, AZ
Full-time
US work authorization required
Eligible for visa sponsorship and open to candidates with OPT/CPT

Fovus is a seed-stage tech startup developing next-generation cloud high-performance computing solutions for enterprises. Our mission is to democratize HPC for all. We are post-revenue, and our solution is trusted by Fortune 500 and high-tech unicorns/startups.

Basic Information:

Open to remote working.
Fresh graduates and international candidates are welcome to apply.
There will be a paid probationary period of 4 to 6 months.
Equity compensation will be offered after the probationary period.
US work authorization, CPT, OPT, GreenCard, or Citizenship is required if in the USA or as a contractor remotely in your country. We are willing to sponsor USA H1B visas after the probationary period.

Responsibilities:

Requirements analysis: Understanding the requirements of the project, analyzing them, and coming up with a plan for implementing the software solution.
Design: Developing a high-level design of the software system, including software architecture, data models, and algorithms.
Coding: Writing efficient and maintainable code using programming languages such as JavaScript, Python, or others.
Testing: Conducting unit tests, integration tests, and other types of tests to ensure that the software is functioning as intended.
Debugging: Identifying and fixing defects or issues in the software system.
Deployment: Deploying the software solution to production or other environments.
Maintenance: Maintaining the software solution by fixing defects, adding new features, or improving its performance.
Documentation: Creating and maintaining technical documentation such as user manuals, technical specifications, and design documents.

Job Requirements:

Proficiency in two or more programming languages, such as TypeScript, JavaScript and Python.
Hands-on experience with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud.
Familiarity with microservices architecture and containerization technologies, including Function as a Service such as AWS Lambda.
Knowledge of relational and NoSQL databases, such as AWS DynamoDB.
Understanding of application and cloud security, with the ability to write secure and robust code.
Hands-on experience with tools like CloudFormation and CDK.
Proficiency in continuous integration and continuous delivery tools and workflows.
Ability to work effectively with team members, including developers and managers.
