Full Stack Java Developer
Posted 2 days ago. Apply by June 19, 2026 at 11:59 PM

At a glance
$60K/yr
Medical, dental, and vision coverage plus paid time off
Hybrid or onsite, based in Richardson, TX
Full-time
US work authorization required

LTM's Digital Technology team is looking for dynamic and enthusiastic candidates for Full Stack Java Developer position at Richardson, TX location.

You Will:

You will design, develop, and implement innovative software solutions that power our next generation platforms directly contributing to the AI transformation of the Portfolio Services.
This includes actively leveraging and building cutting edge AI, Machine Learning, Data and predictive analytics technologies to deliver enhanced client solutions, drive operational excellence and create a significant competitive advantage for our products and platforms.
You'll thrive within a dynamic cross functional global team contributing across the full software development lifecycle from conceptualization to deployment and monitoring.

Skills You Will Bring:

Core Java, strong fundamentals in OOP concepts not just definitions but implementation, Collections Framework, Array List, HashMap, HashSet, Exception Handling, Multithreading basics, Thread Runnable synchronization, Java 8 features, Lambda expressions, Stream API, Optional class.
Spring MVC, Basic understanding of Spring Framework, Spring Boot for building production ready backend services.
Ability to learn quickly and adapt quickly to changing priorities.
Strong intellectual curiosity and affinity to technology.
Exhibits attention to detail in day-to-day activities along with problem solving abilities.
Technical curiosity and motivation to succeed.
Well-rounded extra-curricular experiences, with demonstrated leadership.

Education:

Bachelor's degree or higher with a technology focus.
Majors include Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology, Cyber Security, and others.
3.0 GPA or higher.
